look girls
another new recruit welcome to Brock
villas Academy of fashion and magic
check out these amazing cave
this place is amazing
I dreamt I'd come here one day so did I
I guess dreams can come true hey girls
is it just me or does everyone here seem
to have a pact with them oh we're not
just pets so what are you then what a ho
what do you mean I'm the only one who
can understand you you're speaking
English isn't he remember what your
spell said give me animal chat oh how
simply PAH but if you're not just pets
then what are you they're friends aren't
you rats n' I'm Levitt or you girls must
be new first night we don't even know
what class were in that's what your pets
are for they're your guides your
companions even your conscience when
need be sounds great how do we get one
follow me and I'll show you
pretty great but now watch say the magic
word and the mirror will reflect your
inner self hey my mirrors not working
they look all squishy
slow down there dizzy fuzz Weezy come
here I think I'll call you
bartholomae ow hey where's mine
have you seen him he was all fluff and
scruff there you are how can you be
hungry
you've only existed for two minutes and
I already know your name don't I winkers
pretty cool right